The 2022 United States Senate election in Connecticut was held on November 8, 2022, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Connecticut.
Democrat Richard Blumenthal was first elected to this seat in 2010 with 55.2% of the vote over Republican Linda McMahon. He was then re-elected in 2016 with 63.2% of the vote over Republican Dan Carter. Blumenthal ran for reelection to a third term in office and secured the 2022 nomination. Businesswoman Leora Levy won the Republican primary on August 9, 2022. Blumenthal won reelection, defeating Levy by about 15 points. The race took place simultaneously with the 2022 Connecticut gubernatorial election.

Democratic convention
Candidates
Nominated at convention
Richard Blumenthal, incumbent U.S. Senator

Endorsements
Republican primary
Candidates
Nominee
Leora Levy, businesswoman, Republican National Committee member, and former nominee for U.S. Ambassador to Chile

Eliminated in primary
Themis Klarides, former Minority Leader of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Peter Lumaj, attorney and perennial candidate

Eliminated at convention
Nicholas Connors
John Flynn, candidate for the Connecticut House of Representatives in 2018 and 2020
Robert F. Hyde, lobbyist and U.S. Marine Corps veteran

Declined
Dan Carter, former state representative and nominee for U.S. Senate in 2016
Bob Stefanowski, businessman and nominee for governor in 2018 (ran for governor)
Joe Visconti, former West Hartford town councilor and nominee for Connecticut's 1st congressional district in 2008

Endorsements
Results
General election
Predictions
Endorsements
Polling
Aggregate polls

Graphical summary

Debates
Results
Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Litchfield (largest city: Torrington)
Windham (largest town: Windham)

By congressional district
Blumenthal won all 5 congressional districts.

See also
2022 United States Senate elections
List of United States senators from Connecticut

Notes
Partisan clients

References
External links
Official campaign websites

Richard Blumenthal (D) for Senate
Leora Levy (R) for Senate